# My interpretation of DH

To me, Digital Humanities is the sharing of digital information in a way that is interactive and educational to the user. While this is not a textbook definition, one of the main things that Dr. Stover stressed this semester that there is no exact definition of digital humanities, it is a subject that is changing every single day. Throughout this blog I will be discussing what taking a DH class was like. The positives, the negatives, what I feel could be improved on and what I thought worked well.

I do feel however, that digital humanities does not get the respect it deserves. Realistically, it is so interesting. Being able to share these incredibly interactive projects and in depth research with the click of a button. I feel this is all so new, and DH will only keep improving. 

Projects

Looking back at this class, we worked on a variety of different projects, all focusing on different skills needed in order to succeed. One project that sticks out to me is the ThingLink map project. In the ThingLink mapping project, we were asked to gather media of places around campus. For each picture and video that we use, to tell a story of why that place is significant to us. The reason this project sticks out is because it caused me to actually reflect back on my time here at school, while completing a class project. The sheer fact that I was able to tell a story that I wanted to tell, instead of putting information down on a page allowed me to truly enjoy this project.

Another project that I would like to reflect back on is the Review 1 project. This project was especially intimidating. We were told to choose a DH project from a professional organization and review it, pointing out both the good and the bad. The only problem with this was I had no idea what separated a good project from a bad one. However, once things began to play out, and we had a few classes discussing what we should be looking for, the rest was simple.  

Readings

Readings were a major part of this course, especially early on in the semester. We would have two or three readings a week, then discuss what we read in the following class. I actually enjoyed reading these little articles. One, because they were not overly long, and two, because it allowed for discussion in class. 

The reading that I found most interesting was the Text Scanning Patterns: Eye Tracking Evidence reading. This article discussed various ways that the human mind will avoid reading. The mind will instead scan the reading. What is interesting about this is that there are all different types of different ways of scanning. For example, my mind scans through the spotted pattern. The spotted pattern is when the mind will choose specific words or phrases that stand out, due to being italicized, bolded, etc. and just read from there, skipping a majority of the writing. 

Twitter

The next area of this course that I will be discussing is our twitter assignments. We were told to choose three things that we learned from the week, and tweet them as part of a discussion. Overall, I thought this was a very creative way of having the class discuss information. However; towards the end of the semester I felt that it became difficult to find things to tweet about.

Early in the semester, we had an abundance of information to discuss. From readings, to projects, and in class discussions. But as the semester progressed, and the readings started to go extinct, all we could really tweet about was the projects and class discussions. There would always be 3 possible ideas that we could tweet about, I just felt as if we began tweeting repetitive discussions, since there were no readings to tweet about. 

Conclusion

Overall, I feel that I have taken away a lot of valuable skills and knowledge from this course. For instance, the ability to use programs such as GitHub and ThingLink. Being comfortable using these programs may wind up helping me in the future. Now when I am looking for internships and jobs, I can place these on my resume as skills, which could possibly distance me from some competition. 

Again, when I walked into class in late August, I had no idea what to expect. I assumed it would be an average writing intensive, writing 5-10 page essays as our assignments. But man was I wrong, and I could not be happier about where this course took me. 
